AAP-13831 Clarifies user privilege requirements in Planning Guide (#1197)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-system-requirements.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
Use this information when planning your {PlatformName} installations and designing {AutomationMesh} topologies that fit your use case.

.Prerequisites

* You must be able to obtain root access either through the `sudo` command, or through privilege escalation. For more on privilege escalation see link:https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/playbook_guide/playbooks_privilege_escalation.html[Understanding Privilege Escalation].

> * You must be able to de-escalate privileges if using AWX, PostgreSQL, EDA, or Pulp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must be able to de-escalate privileges from root to users such as: AWX, PostgreSQL, EDA, or Pulp.
```
